[music]
live news with you Elizaveta
Lakotka Good evening and in this edition of the
opportunity to replace imported vegetables in our market,
Belarus has an early
harvest at competitive prices, it may appear
on the shelves this spring in the
perspective of building new greenhouses
[music]
thousands of people are back on hafin street
demanding an objective investigation of the
catastrophe riots and
clashes with the police started at a pace there are
victims the
Church of the Nativity of the Virgin in Maravank
claims to be a UNESCO world heritage site
Khan fortress the
first match of the youth hockey
league
President's visit
to China development of bilateral
cooperation and new projects
government experts build
economic forecasts in the light of the recent
visit of the Belarusian delegation to Beijing
After returning to Minsk, a
lot of work immediately began to boil on the Belarusian Chinese
vector, as  In an interview with
TV news agency, First Deputy Prime Minister
Nikolai Snabkov, despite the sanctions, the
Belarusian economy is doing
well, in addition, Belarus confirms the
country’s status as an attractive
investment destination, this is also evidenced by the growing
number of residents of the Chinese
Belarusian Industrial Park Great
Stone in 2021, 21
residents registered in the twenty-second nineteen
this is higher than the average for the previous 5
years, and this year, at the start of the park, seven new residents have become active in the flow of foreign
capital into the development of high-tech
industries
following the
results of the state visit of the
President of Belarus to China, four more,
which emphasizes,
firstly, our economy has
the right conditions that have been created
by decree of the presidents in the park, which
are attractive and, in principle,
despite the entire sanctions agenda, the
attractiveness of Belarus As such, a
calm,
stable, adaptive, peace-loving country
about cooperation with what
practical content the roadmap was filled with
how much investment they are ready
to invest in our economy see the full version of
the interview with First Deputy Prime Minister Nikolai
Snabkov in the project Question number
one on the YouTube channel TV news agency
Alexander Lukashenko’s recent visit to
China continues to be actively discussed by the media and the
expert community  Belarus
visited China strengthens diplomatic
ties between the two countries and following the
opportunities for expanding
economic cooperation during the
visit, treaties and agreements were signed
in various fields from
energy to agriculture, which, according to
experts, can lead to an even
greater strengthening of economic ties
between Minsk and Beijing in the near future.
In the future,
indeed, China
is currently actually the
locomotive of the world economy,
especially in matters of its openness to
the formation of the global world market of
a single world economic
space, in contrast to the country  and the West,
which
impose sanctions and various kinds of
restrictions, as for the prospects for
Chinese Belarusian cooperation,
here it is necessary to emphasize the
following, first of all, China has an
ambitious uh
goal of creating a one-
belt one-way economic space uh
China is very actively
promoting this idea  and
so to speak, one of the main
directions of this project is
Belarus in this regard,
Chinese Belarusian relations They are
currently on the rise and over the
past 10 years we have seen a
dynamic dynamic picture of the
expansion of Chinese Belarusian
cooperation In the economic sphere
[music]
Belarusian vegetables are round  the work of
farms, the security of the
domestic market for vegetable products of
own production and the prospects for
the construction of new generation greenhouses,
these issues were discussed in Stolin by
representatives of the Ministry of Agriculture and Food March and
the government, the place was not chosen by chance
in the Stolin district you  240 thousand
tons of vegetable products are grown here by 66
farms and more than 18 thousand personal
subsidiary farms, which this
spring are able to replace
imported early harvest on our market and at competitive
prices, and Belarusians are ready to acquire their
main thing to create conditions for the
producer and the buyer to meet
without intermediaries and delays as well
we discussed the issue of determining and
regulating prices for farm
products the use of stabilization
funds
there is of course a proposal to fix
prices for the next season there is a proposal to
restructure the goods acceptance system in a different way we will talk with
large retailers how this can be
done how to meet halfway That's why
of course today in this geopolitical
especially in this situation, we must rely
primarily on ourselves on our
producers The trust in the quality of our
manufactured products among our
consumers is very high in this area it is
necessary to
build a storage facility, these
people say that we could
to store today much more
products and it would not be worse for the time being
than what we supply today by
import Therefore, we will propose to
carry out a proposal to
consider each farm
that is able to build which
has a large amount of storage in
order to enable
products to put reliable conditions for
storage with subsequent sale,
meanwhile, the Germans are horrified by the rising
prices for vegetables, their cost has jumped
three times in order not to go broke on paying
bills, farmers turn off greenhouses,
thereby reducing production, many
complain about the quality of goods, the price of
cucumbers doubled in December before they
cost about
80-  99 eurocents And now it's somewhere around 69 euros
or 99 euros due to the fact that gas has become
very expensive in the Netherlands during the winter
months, production has decreased very much,
the quality of products has dropped most of the
vegetables have to be thrown away the very
next day after delivery
British consumers have similar problems
there is a strong
shortage of vegetables shelves are often empty
forced to abandon
pasta with tomatoes and switch to White
pizza because tomatoes have become too
expensive
respect teachers Appreciate the profession with
such slogans
thousands of teachers came out on the streets of Lisbon mentors
ask for better working conditions and
decent pay union of all
workers  education requires
at least 120 euros per month to be added to payments,
that is,
[applause]
[music]
protests that take place all day in
Athens, the reasons for the negligence of the authorities, their
indifference to internal problems,
have already brought the track and also the cars to an
emergency state as a result of a
train crash  at the pace 57 people died in road accidents
dozens in hospitals the rally brought together
about 10,000 like-minded people to
disperse people the police used
stun grenades if
there were victims while sharpening the gas
[applause]
another problem is the lack of personnel on the
railway this issue is not solved  Yes,
and the apology of the Prime Minister of Greece did not
find a response in the hearts of the people, the
protesters demand his resignation, it
all starts with the family, but it happens that it is
necessary to defend yourself from the closest ones in
Baranovichi and Minsk, the girls turned
to the police for help to escape from
their own parents And in Soligorsk,
the mother left  scissors in the 12-year-old daughter of a
schoolgirl a severe head injury However, the
most terrible story happened in Slutsk
parents beat a three-year-old kid to death
stories collected by Alena Lyashkevich
alcohol, and a
threat of murder was used against a teenager;
now Anastasia is in complete safety
to study at college and is getting a profession,
those events reluctantly recalls her being choked by
her relatives, she lost consciousness when she
came to herself, she closed the bathroom, her brother
choked me, I became scared, I closed myself in the
bathroom and soo  communicated what happened to the
social pedagogue, the phone number
kept in touch, because at that time the
social pedagogue was my curator and
I reported all such cases to
my curator in order to get to the apartment
I received a message from the students in which
she asked for help due
to the fact that violence was used against her by her cousin
and she was afraid to
escape for her life, I
immediately took measures
aimed at protecting this
minor and now this student
is on full state
support  With regard to the above
conflict on the fact of violence against the
girl, the
prosecutor's office initiated a criminal
case on the grounds of a crime
under article 186 of the Criminal
Code of the Republic of Belarus, a threat to
kill, in order to actively and
promptly investigate the criminal
case.  According to the actions of
some subjects of prevention to
control the living conditions of the upbringing of
a girl, the investigation of the criminal case
is carried out precisely by the Baranavichy
International Prosecutor's Office another
girl is already from Minsk, this time the
12-year-old herself ran to the nearest
police department to tell how her mother
30-year-old woman raised her daughter with a
shower hose  A 30-year-old Minsk resident
used physical violence against her 12-year-old
daughter while at her place of residence,
expressed by
applying multiple blows to
various parts of the body with her hands with a
metal spatula for women's
shoes, after which she wrapped a shower hose around her
neck and strangled the woman.
literally the day before, the
girl was deprived of parental rights, but the girl
is in the orphanage of Salihorsk, the
mother of many children threw
scissors at her own child for the nursery, now
the life of a 12-year-old girl is not
in danger, the mother was detained, the picture of what
happened surprised even experienced
doctors when they arrived  and the back of
the schoolgirl's head was sticking out massive kitchen
scissors
And this is Slutsk methods of cruel
upbringing here, parents practiced
on a three-year-old boy the child died
after he was beaten by both parents and
mother and father detained three more children from
this family ended up in an orphanage
to make the child cry and interfere with drinking  or
that at least during interrogations they admitted that they
regularly beat the child because he
behaved badly and often cried, thereby
irritating them for this, the married couple
punished their son, but on that fateful evening,
having not calculated they beat the child to death,
now the prosecutor's office has taken such cases
under its control to deprive parents  their
paternal rights an extreme measure but a
necessary one say to the supervisory authority
more than one and a half thousand minors
taken away from their parents and placed on
state support are
under state protection the above
figures, on the one hand,
indicate the intensification of the work of
prevention subjects to overcome family
troubles, and on the other hand  Because of the
serious work that lies ahead with
these families, there are no other people's children, and
state public bodies and
social services are always ready to
help children and provide
state support, and as for
Anastasia, she has no plans to return
to her family to receive
an agency or
maravank news with a story  in half a thousand years
claims the status of a UNESCO world heritage
temple fortress What is located in the
Shchuchinsky district, five kilometers from the
M6 ​​highway, is now reanimating the Church of the
Nativity of the Mother of God for almost 500 years, the
anniversary will be celebrated next year, the walls of
two meters thick were not equal to the ground,
they never withstood shelling by Karl  12
natural disasters and Soviet atheism,
prayers sound there simultaneously with a saw
and a mortar with a stirrer half a million rubles
allocated from the president's fund have already been
mastered
The most likely restoration approach,
because here we are looking at this
tower, which probably to the layman who does not
understand restoration said  so that
no one would do it, she is completely ready
once they threw the cannonballs at her,
this is all saved, that is, the
brick was replaced somewhere, something was greased somewhere But just
so that it could be seen this is her
historical life in December there should have been
work  just finished but we see
the builders are still here the future is in
december we only finished the work on
which the money was allocated it is 550.000
well in the future there is still a lot of work uh
now also we have made a request for new
funding on request for new
funding still a lot of work
can be insulated uh  attic roofing vault
warm replacing window openings
[music]
images and philosophies of India in the paintings of
Belarusian artists their vivid
impressions of the journey through this country
were displayed in the graphics of painting
or lithographs by masters Andrei Yaroshevich and
Alevtin Bashkatov, the Shiva Shaft project
was located in the halls of the gallery of the University of
Culture and is timed to coincide with 30  Anniversary of
Diplomatic Relations between India and
Belarus
then Belarusian artists
represent Indian culture I was
surprised how your masters could
accurately reflect the essence of India
30 years of diplomatic relations
from Belarus we have been celebrating for a whole year
many cultural
educational events have been held and it will end
at the end of March with a festive
gala concert inspired by beauty
inspired by culture inspired by
people and architecture  and nature
[music]
the opening of the exposition adorned the performance of the
soloist of the Indian dance ensemble
you can enjoy the art until March 14
for today I say goodbye to you the broadcast
will continue the sports review and the results of
the week will be summed up by my colleagues on the main
air
our mobile
application by qr-code on the Good Evening screen
[music]
Mozolskoye Slavia won the
first quarterfinal match of the
Belarusian Football Cup with a score of 2-0 at home
Slutsk was scored by Vladislav
Kolos and Nikolai r  in the other match of the
day without a goal draw, the
fans of Vitebsk and Neman did not see any goals scored, the
return quarter-finals will be held on
March 11, Nha Trang interrupted a four-
game losing streak in the Russian
Superleague in the 22nd round match at home, our
girls defeated the worst
team of the tournament Lipetsk, the opponent in
general, in three games  Of course, it was convenient, but the game
that they showed in two games
today was very difficult to cope with,
like in terms of tactics, we do everything
as expected, but it was very
difficult for us to cope with the attack.
the break
went away, seeing in the score 2-1, the authors of the
goals scored in our team were
Miroslav Mikhailov and Matveishidlovsky,
who had recovered in the majority. However,
only the hosts scored two goals
in the second and third periods, they suffered the St. Petersburg
team a second victory and access to the
playoffs of the tournament
[music]